Before you start
Who can use this feature
Available on
any team or plan
There are three ways to register or authenticate your account in Figma: email address and unique password, Google SSO, and SAML SSO. Your sign up method will dictate whether you can update your email address and password in Figma.
Email address and password
If you signed up for Figma with your email address and a unique password, you can update both your email and password in your account settings.
Note:
If you no longer have access to the email address you used to create your Figma account, contact
Figma Support
for assistance.
Open the file browser and click your profile in the top-left corner to open the account menu.
Select
Settings
to open the settings modal.
Select the
Account
tab to update your details
Click
Change email
underneath your email address
Click
Change password
to reset your password.
Click
Save
to apply your changes.
Google SSO
When you sign up for Figma via Google SSO, your email address and password will be
Managed by Google
. This means that you won't be able to update your email address or password in Figma.
If you want to change your Google email address or password, you will need to do this in your Google account. For detailed instructions, follow the Google Support links below:
Change or reset your password
Change your username or email address
Switch from Google SSO to email and password
If your email address and password are
Managed by Google
, you can't update them in Figma. If you want to change the email associated with your account, you'll need to remove Google SSO.
To remove Google SSO, you need to request and set a new account password. This allows you log in with your email address and unique password. Once updated, you can change the email to any address.
Log out of your Figma account.
Visit the
Figma website
and click
Log in
in the top-right corner.
Click the
Reset password
link.
Follow the on-screen instructions to request a password reset email.
Click the link in your password reset email. Figma will prompt you to enter a new password.
When you next go to log in, you can log in via your gmail address and your new password.
If you want to change the email address associated with your account, you can now
update your email address in Figma.
SAML SSO
If you log in to Figma with your company email address via SAML SSO, y
our organization's
identity provider
will manage your login details.
We recommend contacting your IT department, or an organization admin, for help updating your email address or password there. You can still
update your name and profile picture
in Figma.