Before you start
Who can use this feature
Supported on
any team or plan
.
Anyone with
can edit
access can create prototypes.
Anyone with
can view
access can play back prototypes in Presentation view.
Figma’s prototyping features allow you to create interactive flows that explore how a user may interact with your designs.
Prototypes are a fantastic way to:
Preview interactions and user flows
Share and iterate on ideas
Get feedback from collaborators
Test interactions with users
Present your designs to stakeholders
Watch our video on prototyping below. Or, check out our
Prototype & Collaboration Playlist
on Youtube.
Tip!
For an even more efficient workflow, you can quickly toggle between the
Design
and
Prototype
tabs using the keyboard shortcut
Shift
E
.
Flows and starting points
With prototyping in Figma, you can create multiple flows for your prototype in one page to preview a user's full journey and experience through your designs.
A flow is the network of frames and connections in a single page. A prototype can map out a user's entire journey through your app or website, or it can focus on a specific segment of it via its own flow. For example: your prototype covers all possible interactions on an eCommerce site. Within the prototype, you have flows for creating an account, adding items to a cart, and checking out.
Figma creates a flow starting point when you add your first connection between two frames. There are a few other ways to add a flow starting point to your prototype:
With the starting frame selected, click
in the
Flow starting point
section of the right sidebar.
Right-click on the frame, then click
Add starting point
.
Duplicate a frame with an existing starting point.
When it's time to test your designs, you can share the entire prototype or
copy the link to a flow starting point
.
Learn more about starting points and flows →
Note:
A top-level frame can be part of multiple flows, but can only have one starting point. Frames nested within a top-level starting frame can have connections that navigate the user around multiple flows. For example,
Log in
and
Sign up
buttons can be nested in the same starting point frame, then be connected to frames in separate flows for each experience.
Create connections
Select the hotspot for the connection.
Click
to create the connection.
Drag it to the destination.
If there are no existing connections, Figma will make the first frame a starting point.
Tip!
You can create connections from multiple objects to the same destination frame at the same time—saving you time and effort when building out your prototype flows. To do so, select multiple starting hotspots on your canvas, then click and drag the
icon to the destination.
Learn more about creating and editing connections in bulk →
Create interactions and animations
Open the
Prototype
tab in the right sidebar
Add
interactions
Set interaction details
Apply an
animation
Preview
your animation
Adjust prototype settings
Select a
Device
and
Model
Preview
your prototype
Select
Background
color
Set the prototype's
Starting Frame
Learn more about prototyping
Get started
Create prototype interactions and animation
s
Select a starting point for your prototype
Customize your prototype device
Prototype
actions
,
triggers
and
animations
Advanced interactions
Create overlays in your prototypes
Create advanced animations with Smart Animate
Prototype scroll interactions with overflow behavior
Add video to prototypes
Add animated GIFs to prototypes
Use variables in prototypes
Use expressions in prototypes
Multiple actions and conditionals
Variable modes in prototypes
Share and collaborate
View prototype connections
Set prototype presentation view options
Share your prototype
View prototypes on a mobile device
Give feedback on prototypes with comments
Glossary
A
hotspot
is where the Interaction takes place. A hotspot can be any object within the original frame, such as a link, button, image or icon, etc.
Connections
are the blue arrows or "noodles" that connect the hotspot to the destination. We apply the interaction and animation settings via the connection.
A
flow
is the network of connected frames that form a path through a prototype. Each flow has its own
starting point
. You can have multiple flows within a prototype.
The
starting point
is the first frame of a flow. Set multiple starting points to show different flows of the prototype in Presentation view.
The
trigger
determines what type of interaction with the hotspot will cause the prototype to advance. This could be a mouse or touch interaction, such as a tap, drag, click, hover, etc.
The
destination
is where the transition ends. This must be a top-level frame - a frame that is added directly to the canvas - and not an object within a frame. If we think of moving from A to B,
A
is the hotspot and
B
is the destination.
The
action
defines the type of progression is occurring in the prototype. For example, the action could be to navigate to another frame, or open an external URL.
The
animation
settings determine how the prototype moves from one frame to the other. You can control the type of animation, as well as the speed and direction.
A
transition
is the type of animation. This defines how the action moves to the destination.
The
direction
controls the direction that the transition comes from. Choose between left, right, top or bottom.
The
duration
controls the time it takes to complete the animation. The shorter the duration, the faster the transition. Select a duration between 1ms and 10000ms (10 seconds).
Easing
affects the acceleration of the animation
—
whether it starts slow or fast. This allows you to build animations that feel more natural.
Overlays
are frames that appear above the current screen or frame. You can use overlays to create tool-tips, interactive menus, alerts, or confirmations.
Overflow behavior
allows you to define how your prototype responds to scrolling. This allows you to create more advanced user interactions, such as carousels, galleries, or interactive maps.
Choose which
device
will be shown when presenting your prototype. Define both the device and the model.
The
background color
lets you define the color in the background of your prototype.
If you have a prototype with portrait and landscape frames, you can select an
orientation
. The orientation is set for the entire prototype. It's not possible to switch between portrait and landscape view within a prototype.
A
preview
will show you how something will look or work in the prototype. We show previews for both
animations
and prototype
device
settings.